Doc/unit system clarification (#188)
ansys/pyansys-units: doc/source/user_guide/quantity.rst

    m_dv = meter / 2  # 0.5
    m_sq = meter**2  # 1

> Additions and subtraction between two ``Quantity`` objects retains the units

Reviewer: What if it's more than two and with different units.
```
inch - meter + foot + km - micrometer
"""

Author: For now inch would win.

> Additions and subtraction between two ``Quantity`` objects will retain the units

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additions and subtraction between two ``Quantity`` objects retains the units
```
